Applicants will need to follow the application procedure of the KU Leuven Admissions Office. Instructions can be found on https://www.kuleuven.be/english/application/instructions.
Your application will be rejected if you do not submit the relevant supporting documents with your application form:

PDF scans of your diploma(s) and transcripts of academic records
If you still need to graduate at the time of your application, you are requested to upload PDF scans of your intermediate official transcripts through the web application portal.
The Admissions Office reserves the right to ask for official or certified hard copies of transcripts (or diplomas) if required for the evaluation of the application.
PDF scan of the translation of your diploma(s) and official transcripts If your documents are not in English, Dutch, French or German, please arrange for these documents to be translated by a registered translator. These documents must also be certified by the educational institution that issued them or by a national authority.
Proof of substantial engagement with sport, providing significant experience relevant to the MAiSI programme.
Proof of payment: upload the following document that states that you as an applicant for the MAiSI programme do not have to pay the application fee.
Motivation letter (one A4 page): A personal statement detailing your reasons for applying to the course and relevant experience academic and otherwise
Your English Language test certificates (i.e IELTS/TOEFL) if appropriate
Two recommendation letter/references (at least one academical): Please use the official letterhead paper of the institution or company and upload the letters to your online application file. If you already hold open references, then please upload them with your application. Alternatively, please ask your referees to send their letters of support directly to the Admissions Office (admissions@kuleuven.be).
Your Curriculum Vitae
Proof of nationality (copy of passport)
Selection process:
Applications will be selected based on the entry and language requirements. Those eligible will then be judged according to Academic Excellence:

Experience related to the course (academic)
Relevant work experience
Motivation and understanding of the course
A selection of candidates will then be interviewed online. The offer of waivers, scholarships and self-funded places will be made having considered performance at interview, the above criteria and restrictions regarding the number of scholarships that can be allocated to applicants from designated regional windows.

Deadlines and timetable for selection for the intake of September are:

Erasmus Mundus Scholarships:                                                	March  1st
Non-EEA citizens (self-funded / IOC-Olympic Solidarity scholarship / waivers)      applications:	April 1st
EEA citizens (self-funded / IOC-Olympic Solidarity scholarship / waivers)              applications:	July 1st
Erasmus Mundus Scholarship application process:

Start application: October 9th 2025
Deadline for applications: March 1st, 2026
Awarding of scholarships: End of April, 2026
Application process (non-EEA):

Start application: October 9th 2025
Deadline for applications: April 1st, 2026
Ranking of applications and interviews will be completed one month after the application deadline
Awarding of scholarships May 1st, 2026
Application process (EEA):

Start application: October 9th 2025
Deadlines for applications: July 1st, 2026
Ranking of applications and interviews will be completed one month after the application deadline
Awarding of admissions: August 1st, 2026